#+BEGIN_COMMENT
.. title: Mammae
.. slug: mammae
.. date: 2020-08-27 00:35:33 UTC+05:30
.. tags: history
.. category: English
.. link: 
.. description: 
.. type: text
.. status: 
#+END_COMMENT

Let us travel back to the age of reptiles. Early reptiles understood the need
for world sustainability by reproduction, hence they happily mated, laid eggs
and moved on to next honey moon. Reptile nonchalance is criminally underrated.
They left their eggs to sun and season to hatch. A reptile life thus begins and
ends with its own experiences. Bliss!

Enter the birds. They developed feathers and wings to counter the cold.  They
had intercourse and more eggs were delivered. Then they broke the age old
reptile tradition, and started caring about their eggs by keeping them warm and
guarding them from danger. The first act of true selfishness in the evolution of
Evolution.

Mammals! When birds thought hair instead of feathers was perfectly stupid,
mammals came up with the hitherto unknown notion of having sex and storing eggs
inside its own body. Inside the body!!! Such was the shock, bird brains attained
its maximum cognisance and reptiles retired from being related. The mammalian
eggs came out alive from their body and started crying for food. The mountains
and tadpoles echoed the melancholy. Mammals, then acquired the habit of
providing protection and nutrition to the offspring. Thus began the suckling and
tickling. This Mammalian care lead to mutual understanding and association
between the parent and the offspring. The cherishing of the youngling created
attachment, and kindled the possibility of learning by imitation. The beginnings
of true social life.  As H.G.Wells has rightly said, "A /teachable/ type of life
had come into the world". The student then became the teacher, thoughts replaced
lessons, and life advanced in the world. Here we are!

Secreting or not, all mammalian genders have mammary glands. One gender ceasing
to mature at an early age and another maturing at a later stage.  Unravelling
this bias, a primitive hypothesis suggested that the early mammal children were
truly sexist, and chose to suck nipple(s) of one specific gender while
disdainfully ignoring the other. The continuous process of suckling and sucking
might have caused the growth in the former, and the categorical humiliation
could have hindered the growth in the latter. The fallacious theory dared to
compare Mammae to the ever expanding universe.  Regardless of the intellectual
snobbery, it opened up a new space of body research, which, the Children Of
Science(COS a.k.a Cause) informally called as 'The shape of you'.  Apart from
this, two questions of great fiscal and monetary importance are: "Since when did
one start wearing the inevitable as an embellishment to poverty, and the other
consider this evolutionary augmentation as a world wonder"?

The United League Of Nations(TULON), is seriously contemplating re-introduction
of /'Mulakkaram'/, loosely translated to Breast Tax, which, till the early 20^th
century, was the tax imposed on lower caste women if they wanted to cover their
breasts in public. The women were expected to pay the government a tax on their
bosom, as soon as they started developing them. The tax collectors would visit
every house to collect Breast(Either of the two fleshy milk-secreting glandular
organs on the chest of a woman) tax from any lower caste women who passed the
age of puberty. The tax was evaluated by the collectors depending on the size of
their breasts. An American newspaper casually called it as "The Cover Charge",
and people laughed for seven consecutive days. Later, they were all hanged,
drawn and quartered for the simple crime of shamelessness. The current
generation of people in this geographical area unanimously agreed that they are
ashamed of their ancestry.

The famous English thought on "To cover or not to cover" continues to baffle the
intelligent society. An armchair thinker once said: "A man went outside a bar
and looked behind to find it sacrilegious; but from the inside he found it
perfectly ordinary". In some parts of the world, people are happy not covering
their body or smile, whereas in some other parts of the world covering head to
toe is the stepping stone to nirvana. Rest of the world believes in heuristic
principles.

To abruptly end is merciful.

Many peace.
